today i'm going to explain an action
adventure and fantasy film called sucker
punch
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in the 1960s a girl nicknamed babydoll
receives news on her mother's death and
rushes to say her final device
babydoll has a younger sister who at the
moment shares the grief with her
on their mother's death bed is their
stepfather who is smiling menacingly
while looking at the two girls
after the funeral the stepfather opens
their mother's will where he finds out
that she has left him nothing and that
all her possessions are to be given to
her two daughters
this angers him causing him to act
manically burning the will
on that stormy night baby doll watches
over her younger sister and puts her to
sleep to comfort her
just as she leaves the room her
stepfather waits for her in the hallway
seeming to have an evil plan babydoll
runs to her room as fast as she could
and bars the door to keep him from
coming in
she even scratches him out of defense
which angers him further
realizing that inflicting physical harm
on baby doll isn't enough he goes to his
younger stepdaughter's room instead
he enters the room and starts
unbuttoning his shirt baby doll exits
through the window and re-enters through
the window
she holds her stepfather at gunpoint
fires at him but misses
she shoots again hitting his arm but
unfortunately the bullet hits her sister
realizing what had happened baby doll
runs to hug her points the gun at her
stepfather again
but could not bring herself to kill him
eventually authorities arrive and blame
the tragedy on baby doll
and she is declared mentally unstable
after the incident baby doll is brought
to the linux house to be
institutionalized
two nurses drag her out of the car and
bring her inside at the end of a dim
hallway
blue jones one of the asylum staff
awaits them as he makes a deal with the
stepfather
he holds the keys to multiple doors of
the institution and acts as the head of
security
he leads them into the theater where
other girls who are labeled insane are
kept
the head psychiatrist dr veragorsky
supervises the girls and utilizes the
room as a place where they could
socialize
as baby doll observes the girls the
stepfather bribes blue jones into
forging dr gorsky's signature to have
his stepdaughter lobotomized
which will stop her from informing
authorities of the true circumstances
that led to her sister's death the poor
baby doll is still speechless about how
fast things in her life are changing
she observes the institution watching
the daily procedures done on her
the day of her scheduled lobotomy
arrives out of nowhere she wakes up in
another realm where the asylum has
turned into a brothel in there blue
becomes a mobster
while the stepfather is dressed as a
priest the star of the show
sweet pea approaches the three of them
to welcome baby doll and asks her sister
rocket to show the newbie around the
establishment before following rocket
for the tour baby doll spits at her
stepfather to express her utter disgust
making him angry and delusional rocket
is naturally friendly and assures baby
doll that she will be comfortable in no
time as it just takes a little while to
get used to
she shows her a room where they bring
clients and reveals that they are the
main attractions to luring customers for
blues other businesses such as guns
gambling medications and the like in the
rehearsal room
she is introduced to the other dancers
amber
and blondie rocket informs baby doll
that everybody gets a dance routine that
they practice until they can perform it
perfectly
that night baby doll breaks into tears
in the bathroom completely shattered
about how her life is at the moment
the following day while she scrubs the
floor in the hallway rocket does her
chore in the kitchen
while the cook is busy eating his meal
she tries to take a small block of
chocolate to enjoy
little does she know the cook sees what
she did and punishes her for it
babydoll hears her screams and enters
the kitchen where she sees the cook
pinning rocket to the ground
immediately she comes to her rescue by
holding the cook at knifepoint who now
has no choice but to let the both of
them go
both of them make it to the end of the
hallway just as the bell rings
signifying that it is time for their
daily rehearsals
in class dr gorsky is envisioned as
their dance instructor
she calls baby doll to come to the
middle for her to be examined as blue
enters the room
dr gorsky plays a song babydoll seems
clueless and unsure of what to do
so dr gorski approaches her to say that
she has no purpose of being in the
institution if she does not dance
she plays the music again and this time
baby doll is willing to dance for her
survival
she closes her eyes and wakes up in a
fantasy world a majestic temple in the
snow stands before her
so she enters to see what is inside with
the door slightly open
babydoll enters and sees the wise man
surrounded by candlelights holding a
sword
he asks her what she seeks for to which
she replies a way out
the wise man promises her that he will
help her get the freedom that she
desperately desires
beside him he opens a box with weapons
that she needs for her journey and hands
it to her
he then adds that she needs five more
items that will be useful and necessary
a map fire a knife and a key the fifth
thing is a mystery that she must find
out on her own which he claims is the
reason and the goal of her journey
he also says that to get the item a
sacrifice would be needed in exchange
for the victory
after relaying this message the wise man
makes her turn around where she finds
three samurai giants ready to fight her
the first samurai kicks her back into
the temple but she bravely fights back
in defense
with every strike of the samurai sword
she manages to dodge it by jumping into
the air
trying her best not to get him
eventually she manages to bring the
giant down by striking its knees and
cutting off its head
out of nowhere the second samurai
launches a rocket causing a big
explosion inside the temple
finding out that it didn't kill baby
doll it brings out an enormous machine
gun
recklessly shooting it everywhere with
impeccable speed she dodges every bullet
and runs toward the giant to shoot it
directly in the face
causing its instant death she then walks
bravely outside to face the final
samurai
it advances at her and she gathers
enough strength to kill it with just one
strike
just like that baby doll has defeated
the three giants despite her size and
amateur experience in combat
as the music for her performance ends
she wakes up in the rehearsal room
finding everyone impressed and cheering
her on completely taken aback
blue looks at her intently before
leaving the room for the first time in
weeks
she feels a sense of accomplishment that
night babydoll lets the other girls know
of her plan to escape from the
establishment but sweet pea is bitter
about this idea
saying that it is impossible blondie
enters the conversation to say that the
last three girls who attempted to escape
have died
despite this rocket is convinced that
baby doll's plan could be effective in
their escape
she and sweet pea get into an argument
about trying to get out rocket then
tells her older sister that baby doll
even saved her from the cook
believing intensely in her strength
because of this sweet pea takes time to
contemplate giving in to their escape
plan
babydoll enters the room writes the
things they need on a small blackboard
then discusses the whereabouts of the
items
the map in blue's office a lighter that
will cause fire for when they escape a
knife from the cook
and blues master key that he wears
around his neck baby doll finally
convinces the four girls to participate
in preparing an escape
she intends to use her dances as a
distraction while the three girls obtain
the necessary items
sweet p volunteers to take the map and
makes her way to blue's office to inform
him that baby doll is about to dance
excitedly he heads to the rehearsal room
for some entertainment while sweet pea
stays behind for her mission as baby
doll closes her eyes to begin the dance
she is back in the fantasy world where
the four girls and the wise men appear
as well
in this vision they are in a world war
setting where they have to obtain the
map by entering the enemy trenches and
infiltrating a bunker protected by
german soldiers
all of them make their way through the
soldiers as amber climbs to a robotic
war machine
the war resumes bullets fill the air and
danger is just among them
the girls fight together to attack the
enemies in hopes of obtaining the first
item
amber flies into the air with her
machine while shooting planes that pass
by to bring them down faster
with the air slightly clear the girls
mercilessly shoot at the enemies and
fight them
they manage to bring german soldiers
down despite being outnumbered and
outgunned
sweet pea and rocket near the bunker and
both of them struggle to fight back even
with all their skills
the enemies manage to get a hold of them
gathering enough strength